added rules engine improvements for May (#613)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/2020-05/3-rules-engine-new-improvements.md

# Rules engine improvements

## Tags for each action in the rules grid
::: meta-data type="Improvement" features="Productivity, Rules engine" available="early May" link-to-doc="../articles/articles/manage-your-rules.html"
:::

From now on, you can see at a glance the action type behind each rule (add, copy, concatenate, set, calculate, remove, clear) in the rules grid. To ease your readability, each action type has its own color :wink:.

![rules_tags](../img/Rules_Tags.png)

::: more
[Manage your rules](../articles/articles/manage-your-rules.html)
:::

## New parameter in the Calculate action in order to round the result
::: meta-data type="Improvement" features="Productivity, Rules engine" available="late May" link-to-doc="../articles/articles/get-started-with-the-rules-engine.html"
:::

> A new "round_precision" parameter is available in the Calculate action, in order to let you choose the way you want to round the result of the operation(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This new parameter `round_precision` enables you to round the final result of your rule operation(s). To give your more flexibility and ensure your data is in the right format, you can define the number of decimals, remove the decimals or round if to the closest integer.
```
Did I understand the last case properly?

> For instance, if the destination attribute is a number attribute that doesn't allow decimals, the action can be applied only when the result is an integer. This behavior can be changed by setting up the round_precision to 0: the result will be rounded and the action will be applied!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, if your destination attribute is a number attribute that doesn't allow decimals, add a `round_precision` to 0 to make sure the result is rounded to the nearest integer value.
```
